README.md, before:

# cdk-hugo-pipeline

This is an AWS CDK Construct for deploying Hugo Static websites to AWS S3 behind SSL/Cloudfront with `cdk-pipelines` with having an all-in-one infrastructure-as-code deployment on AWS, meaning

- self-contained, all resources should be on AWS
- a blog with hugo and a nice theme (in my opinion)
- using cdk and cdk-pipelines running
- a monorepo with all the code components
- a local development possibility in docker
- which includes building the code in the container with build.sh to test also locally upfront
- with a development stage on a `dev.your-domain.com` subdomain

Take a look at the blog post [My blog with hugo - all on AWS](https://manuel-vogel.de/en/blog/2023-04-16-hugo-all-on-aws/) in which I write
about all the details and learnings.

## Usage
TBD

```sh
mkdir my-blog && cd my-blog
npx projen new awscdk-app-ts
# add hugo template
git submodule add https://github.com/apvarun/blist-hugo-theme.git frontend/themes/blist
# add fix version
git submodule set-branch --branch v2.1.0 frontend/themes/blist
```

### Typescript
```ts
import { App, Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { HugoPipeline } from 'cdk-hugo-pipeline';

export class MyStack extends Stack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, id: string, props?: StackProps) {
    super(scope, id, props);

    new HugoPipeline(this, 'HugoPipeline', {
      TBD: 'TBD',
      domainName: 'your-domain.com'  // Domain you already have a hosted zone for
    });
}
```

## Resources / Inspiration
- [cdk-hugo-deploy](https://github.com/maafk/cdk-hugo-deploy): however we need to build the static site with hugo before locally
- [CDK-SPA-Deploy](https://github.com/nideveloper/CDK-SPA-Deploy/tree/master): same as above

Commit message:

feat: generalize the build (#11)
* feat: add hugo build command to hosting

* chore: self mutation

Signed-off-by: github-actions <github-actions@github.com>

* feat: pass build cmd from pipeline to hosting

* chore: self mutation

Signed-off-by: github-actions <github-actions@github.com>

---------

Signed-off-by: github-actions <github-actions@github.com>
Co-authored-by: github-actions <github-actions@github.com>

README.md, after:

# cdk-hugo-pipeline

This is an AWS CDK Construct for deploying Hugo Static websites to AWS S3 behind SSL/Cloudfront with `cdk-pipelines` with having an all-in-one infrastructure-as-code deployment on AWS, meaning

- self-contained, all resources should be on AWS
- a blog with hugo and a nice theme (in my opinion)
- using cdk and cdk-pipelines running
- a monorepo with all the code components
- a local development possibility in docker
- which includes building the code in the container with build.sh to test also locally upfront
- with a development stage on a `dev.your-domain.com` subdomain

Take a look at the blog post [My blog with hugo - all on AWS](https://manuel-vogel.de/en/blog/2023-04-16-hugo-all-on-aws/) in which I write
about all the details and learnings.

## Usage
TBD

```sh
mkdir my-blog && cd my-blog
npx projen new awscdk-app-ts
# add hugo template
git submodule add https://github.com/apvarun/blist-hugo-theme.git frontend/themes/blist
# add fix version
git submodule set-branch --branch v2.1.0 frontend/themes/blist
```

If you use [hugo modules](https://gohugo.io/hugo-modules/) add them as git submodules in the `themes` directory, so they
can be pulled by the same git command in the codepipeline.

If with `npm test` you get the error `docker exited with status 1`, then clean the docker layers and re-run the tests via `docker system prune -f`.

### Typescript
```ts
import { App, Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { HugoPipeline } from 'cdk-hugo-pipeline';

export class MyStack extends Stack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, id: string, props?: StackProps) {
    super(scope, id, props);

    new HugoPipeline(this, 'HugoPipeline', {
      TBD: 'TBD',
      domainName: 'your-domain.com'  // Domain you already have a hosted zone for
    });
}
```

## Resources / Inspiration
- [cdk-hugo-deploy](https://github.com/maafk/cdk-hugo-deploy): however we need to build the static site with hugo before locally
- [CDK-SPA-Deploy](https://github.com/nideveloper/CDK-SPA-Deploy/tree/master): same as above
